Hello and welcome to case study number one.
Optimizing wherehouse flows.
So this is the first case study of this course and we will be solving our first problem with AI which
will be obviously to optimize some flows in a warehouse but most importantly the AI solution which will
solve this problem will be learning.
This is the simplest but yet very effective model that you have to know when starting your journey into
AI.
So we have to start with this one.
And even if you already know this one I recommend to refresh your basics with what we're going to do
in this first case.
All right so if you're ready let's get started.
So how are we going to approach this.
Well first of all I remind us we also have this e-book that we can follow along with the scores especially
if you are more a visual person and you prefer to read than listening to a tutorial.
You also have this book which explains everything including all the mathematical details for the different
theories that we'll learn and implement in this course.
And we're just going to follow the same approach as in the book.
First we will explain the problem to solve then we'll build the environment with you know the states
the actions and the reward and then we'll move onto the theory to explain the ai ai solution which we
will implement from scratch.
Step by step on Python and we will deliberate to go into production to solve the problem of this case.
So first of all let's describe And let's explain what the problem is.
So this is a warehouse and this warehouse belongs to an online retail company that sells products to
its customers.
And inside this warehouse the products are stored in 12 different locations 12 different locations from
a to else.
Each of these letters here are one specific location where the products are stored and of course they're
grouped by similar categories.
For example here location table contain some similar products.
And as the orders are placed by the customers on line we have an autonomous warehouse robot that looks
just like this that is collecting the products in these 12 different locations.
So how does it know where it has to go.
Well it is connected to two systems of first system which is not artificial intelligence which is a
system that will rank in real time.
The priorities of a collection of these two applications and then a second system which is of course
the AI AI system that we have to build.
And this second system will compute in real time as well.
The shortest route from where our autonomous wherehouse robot is located.
So let's say it's located at the to the prairie location.
And so let's say for example that at a specific time we have this priority ranking that is at a specific
time.
This first system connected to the warehouse and to the uttermost warehouse robot is ranking the 12
locations with respect to the priority ranks.
And so here according to this Priority Ranking at this specific time well the application where the
autonomous warehouse robot has to go is location because it has the priority rank number one.
And then the second priority is location k.
The third one is location.
But we'll have to build an AI that will return the shortest route from where the ultimate warehouse
row was located.
Let's say location to this top priority location which is location.
And therefore the AI has to figure out the shortest route to go to location.
So here it is because this is a simple example and we need to check easily if the guy is right the shortest
route is either i j k l h g or I J.
F. B C G.
Then you'll see at the end of the case that he will add some complexities will specify that it has to
go by an intermediary location before going to the Priory location.
And of course this intermediary location will have to be the location that has priority rank number
two that is location.
So first of all we will just solve the case only by returning the shortest route from either G.
Then we'll see if the AI returns to two possible path passing by effervescing by K and then as a challenge
to see in practice how we can play with Q learning we will tweak our eyes so that it passes by this
intermediary location K that has the second priority.
All right so this is the problem we have to solve the AI solution that will solve this problem is learning.
I can't wait to implement that.
And as usual we're going to do it step by step starting from the next tutorial.
Until then enjoy artificial intelligence.